PROGRAM: UDSTool			PROGRAM MODIFICATION DATE:  2003/07/28
SUPPORT: ISSI				DOC FILE MODIFICATION DATE: 2003/07/28
AUTHOR:  Stuart G. Mentzer

PROGRAM FUNCTION AND METHODS:

	UDSTool performs interactive display, modification, and creation of UDS
	files. The measurement data and specifications of a UDS file can be
	viewed and changed.

PROGRAM FEATURES/OPTIONS:

	The display options in UDSTool include an overview or table of the
	signal and its relevant integrals/derivatives or display of the UDS
	specification fields. An x-axis window can be applied to the overview
	and table displays and subsampling is available for the table listing.
	Acceleration integrals use the INIVEL value for the time-zero
	velocity; other integrals use zero for the initial value.
	Displacement derivatives use INIVEL for the time-zero linear velocity.
	Output from any of these display options can be optionally routed to a
	file.

	The modifications which can be performed with UDSTool include
	calibration, bias, interpolation, value, domain, and specification
	changes.  The calibration and bias changes are segmented linear
	functions over the even x-axis or array index step.  Individual data
	values can be changed or a UDS or ASCII file can be read to replace the
	entire data set.

	Output of the data in its current state can be performed at any point
	in the process.

	A new UDS file can be created from scratch by entering a name of a
	nonexistent UDS file. Default values for key fields are provided and
	can be altered. Other specification fields can then be entered by
	using the Modify|Specs option. Measurement data can be read from a
	UDS or ASCII file (the type of file is determined automatically).

	ASCII measurement data files may have a non-numeric header of arbitrary
	length followed by columns of numbers.  UDSTool analyzes the column
	structure of the first numeric record and prompts the user for the
	column to read for the Y and, for X-Y files, X data.

	Defaults are provided for most of the user prompts. Verification for
	the changes and file I/O are printed to log the operation sequence.

KNOWN PROBLEMS/CONSTRAINTS:

	In general, the correction of timing, bias, and calibration errors is
	dependent on some supplementary information, such as the assessment of
	related measurements (same test and axis), supporting measurements
	(such as the pre- and post-test relative displacements of
	accelerometers or estimates from another source such as film data), and
	the experience of the analyst in identifying various errors.  The VeCor
	program performs automated correction of uniaxial test data based on
	such information and physical principles.
